Subscribe to folders/alerts [publish June 12] (#2514)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/monitors/alert-response.md

A _Monitor_ creates an _Alert_. Using the options below, you're subscribing to an _Alert's Monitor_.
:::

#### From your Alerts list
* Right-click on a row item > click **Subscribe**
* Hover your mouse over a row, click the three-dot kebab menu > select **Subscribe**
* Single-click on a row item > on the opened Alert page, click the three-dot kebab menu > **Subscribe to Monitor**

#### From your Monitors list
* Right-click on a row item > click **Subscribe**
* Hover your mouse over a row > click the three-dot kebab menu > click **Subscribe**
* Single-click on a row item > in the side panel (Monitor Details), click **More Actions** > **Subscribe**

#### From a folder

If a folder is subscribed, then all nested monitors and folders are automatically subscribed (“SubscribedByAncestor”).

For example, if you create a subscription on “Monitor A”, and then move it to subscribed “Folder B”, “Monitor A” will have two subscriptions because it’s directly subscribed and inherits subscription from its parent folder.

> To cancel an inherited subscription, you need to remove subscription from a parent folder or move the monitor or folder into another location outside folder with direct subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cancel an inherited subscription, you need to remove subscription from a parent folder or move the monitor or folder into another location outside the folder with direct subscription.
```

Author: good catch!

A _Monitor_ creates an _Alert_. Using the options below, you're subscribing to an _Alert's Monitor_.
:::

#### From your Alerts list
* Right-click on a row item > click **Subscribe**
* Hover your mouse over a row, click the three-dot kebab menu > select **Subscribe**
* Single-click on a row item > on the opened Alert page, click the three-dot kebab menu > **Subscribe to Monitor**

#### From your Monitors list
* Right-click on a row item > click **Subscribe**
* Hover your mouse over a row > click the three-dot kebab menu > click **Subscribe**
* Single-click on a row item > in the side panel (Monitor Details), click **More Actions** > **Subscribe**

#### From a folder

> If you subscribe from a monitor folder, then all nested monitors and folders within that folders become automatically subscribed.

Author: ```suggestion
If you subscribe from a monitor folder, then all nested monitors and folders within that folder become automatically subscribed.
```

> For example, if you create a subscription on “Monitor A”, and then move it to subscribed “Folder B”, “Monitor A” will have two subscriptions because it’s directly subscribed and inherits subscription from its parent folder.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if you create a subscription on “Monitor A”, and then move it to subscribed “Folder B”, “Monitor A” will have two subscriptions because it’s directly subscribed and inherits subscription from its parent folder ("Folder B").
```

> For example, if you create a subscription on “Monitor A”, and then move it to subscribed “Folder B”, “Monitor A” will have two subscriptions because it’s directly subscribed and inherits subscription from its parent folder.

Reviewer 2: `from its parent folder ("Folder B")`

└──Monitor C ("Yes (inherited from folder)")
```

#### Example 2

```bash title="Initial state"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└── 📁 Folder D ("No")
    └── Monitor E ("No")
```

```bash title="Create subscription on Folder D"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└── 📁 Folder D ("Yes")
    └── Monitor E ("Yes (inherited from folder)")
 ```

#### Example 3

```bash title="Initial state"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└──  📁 Folder D ("No")
    └── Monitor E ("Yes")
```       

```bash title="Create subscription on Folder D"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└── 📁 Folder D ("Yes")
    └── Monitor E ("Yes")
```       

```bash title="Remove subscription on Monitor E"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└── 📁 Folder D ("Yes")
    └── Monitor E ("Yes (inherited from folder)"
```

</details>

To cancel an inherited subscription, you need to remove subscription from a parent folder or move the monitor or folder into another location outside the folder with direct subscription.

Click **Unsubscribe** to learn how to remove a subscription.

> 

Reviewer 2: We can also add - You can choose "My subscriptions" filter on alerts list page or change the default filter by choosing `Enable "My subscriptions" as default filter` under user preferences to see all subscribed alerts on alerts list page. Worth including a screenshot of both.

Reviewer 2: Makes sense

> To cancel an inherited subscription, you need to remove subscription from a parent folder or move the monitor or folder into another location outside the folder with direct subscription.
> 
> Click **Unsubscribe** to learn how to remove a subscription.

Author: ```suggestion
To cancel an inherited subscription, you'll need to remove the subscription from a parent folder or move the monitor or folder into another location outside the folder with direct subscription. [Learn more](/docs/alerts/monitors/alert-response/#notification-preferences).
```

#### Example 1

```bash title="Initial state"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
└── Monitor C ("No")
```

```bash title="Create subscription on Folder A"
📁 Folder A ("Yes")
├──Monitor B ("Yes (inherited from folder)")
└──Monitor C ("Yes (inherited from folder)")
```

#### Example 2

```bash title="Initial state"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└── 📁 Folder D ("No")
    └── Monitor E ("No")
```

```bash title="Create subscription on Folder D"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└── 📁 Folder D ("Yes")
    └── Monitor E ("Yes (inherited from folder)")
 ```

#### Example 3

```bash title="Initial state"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└──  📁 Folder D ("No")
    └── Monitor E ("Yes")
```       

```bash title="Create subscription on Folder D"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└── 📁 Folder D ("Yes")
    └── Monitor E ("Yes")
```       

```bash title="Remove subscription on Monitor E"
📁 Folder A ("No")
├── Monitor B ("No")
├── Monitor C ("No")
└── 📁 Folder D ("Yes")
    └── Monitor E ("Yes (inherited from folder)"
```

</details>

> To cancel an inherited subscription, you'll need to remove the subscription from a parent folder or move the monitor or folder into another location outside the folder with direct subscription. [Learn more](/docs/alerts/monitors/alert-response/#notification-preferences).

Reviewer: @kimsauce, remove the "Learn more" link. Not only does it incorrectly link to a section in the same article, but the section it links to doesn't provide instructions for removing subscriptions.

Author: good catch!

> To cancel an inherited subscription, you'll need to remove the subscription from a parent folder or move the monitor or folder into another location outside the folder with direct subscription. [Learn more](/docs/alerts/monitors/alert-response/#notification-preferences).

Author: ```suggestion
To cancel an inherited subscription, you'll need to remove the subscription from a parent folder or move the monitor or folder into another location outside the folder with direct subscription. 
```
